Add processor docs to Elastic Agent settings reference (#500)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/processors/indexers-and-matchers.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[kubernetes-indexers-and-matchers]]
== Indexers and matchers

The `add_kubernetes_metadata` processor has two basic building blocks:

* Indexers
* Matchers

[discrete]
=== Indexers

Indexers use Pod metadata to create unique identifiers for each one of the Pods.

Available indexers are:

> `container`:: Identifies the Pod metadata using the IDs of its containers.

Author: @gizas Is there a change recommended in this comment? I think the description of `ip_port` (taken from the Beats documentation) is kind of confusing, but I'm not sure what you are recommending for a change here.

> `container`:: Identifies the Pod metadata using the IDs of its containers.

Reviewer: Sorry was not clear on above, I was suggesting to make them a list. Small one if you agree

> `container`:: Identifies the Pod metadata using the IDs of its containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ip_port`:: Identifies the Pod metadata using combinations of its IP and its exposed ports.
When using this indexer, metadata is identified using the combination of `ip:port` for each of the ports exposed by all containers of the pod. The `ip` is the IP of the pod.```

> `container`:: Identifies the Pod metadata using the IDs of its containers.

Author: Regarding the formatting, we typically use DLs (rather than bulleted lists) to display lists of settings so I'll leave it as-is.

`ip_port`:: Identifies the Pod metadata using combinations of its IP and its exposed ports.
When using this indexer, metadata is identified using the IP of the Pods, and the
combination if `ip:port` for each one of the ports exposed by its containers.
`pod_name`:: Identifies the Pod metadata using its namespace and its name as
`namespace/pod_name`.
`pod_uid`:: Identifies the Pod metadata using the UID of the Pod.

[discrete]
=== Matchers

Matchers are used to construct the lookup keys that match with the identifiers
created by indexes.

> 

Reviewer: Available matchers are:

*`field_format`
* `fields`
* `logs_path`

[discrete]

> ==== `field_format`

Reviewer: Remove discrete here
`field_format`

[discrete]
==== `fields`

Looks up Pod metadata using as key the value of some specific fields. When
multiple fields are defined, the first one included in the event is used.

This matcher has an option `lookup_fields` to define the files whose value will
be used for lookup.

For example, the following configuration uses the `ip_port` indexer to identify
Pods, and defines a matcher that uses the destination IP or the server IP for the
lookup, the first it finds in the event:

[source,yaml]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- add_kubernetes_metadata:
    ...
    default_indexers.enabled: false
    default_matchers.enabled: false
    indexers:
      - ip_port:
    matchers:
      - fields:
          lookup_fields: ['destination.ip', 'server.ip']
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[discrete]
==== `logs_path`

Looks up Pod metadata using identifiers extracted from the log path stored in
the `log.file.path` field.

This matcher has the following configuration settings:

`logs_path`:: (Optional) Base path of container logs. If not specified, it uses

> the default logs path of the platform where {beatname_uc} is running: for Linux -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the default logs path of the platform where Agent is running: for Linux -
```

`/var/lib/docker/containers/`, Windows - `C:\\ProgramData\\Docker\\containers`.
To change the default value: container ID must follow right after the `logs_path` -
`<log_path>/<container_id>`, where `container_id` is a 64-character-long
hexadecimal string.

`resource_type`:: (Optional) Type of the resource to obtain the ID of.
Valid `resource_type`:
* `pod`: to make the lookup based on the Pod UID. When `resource_type` is set to
`pod`, `logs_path` must be set as well, supported path in this case:
** `/var/lib/kubelet/pods/` used to read logs from mounted into the Pod volumes,
those logs end up under `/var/lib/kubelet/pods/<pod UID>/volumes/<volume name>/...`
To use `/var/lib/kubelet/pods/` as a `log_path`, `/var/lib/kubelet/pods` must be
mounted into the filebeat Pods.
** `/var/log/pods/`
Note: when using `resource_type: 'pod'` logs will be enriched only with Pod
metadata: Pod id, Pod name, etc., not container metadata.
* `container`: to make the lookup based on the container ID, `logs_path` must
be set to `/var/log/containers/`.
It defaults to `container`.

> To be able to use `logs_path` matcher filebeat input path must be a subdirectory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to use `logs_path` matcher agent's input path must be a subdirectory
```
